Pods/CocoaAsyncSocket/README.markdown, before:

# CocoaAsyncSocket
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket) [![Version Status](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaAsyncSocket) [![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) [![Platform](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/?q=CocoaAsyncSocket) [![license Public Domain](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Public%20Domain-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain)


CocoaAsyncSocket provides easy-to-use and powerful asynchronous socket libraries for Mac and iOS. The classes are described below.

## Installation

#### CocoaPods

Install using [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org) by adding this line to your Podfile:

````ruby
use_frameworks! # Add this if you are targeting iOS 8+ or using Swift
pod 'CocoaAsyncSocket'  
````

#### Carthage

CocoaAsyncSocket is [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) compatible. To include it add the following line to your `Cartfile`

```bash
github "robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket" "master"
```

The project is currently configured to build for **iOS**, **tvOS** and **Mac**.  After building with carthage the resultant frameworks will be stored in:

* `Carthage/Build/iOS/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`
* `Carthage/Build/tvOS/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`
* `Carthage/Build/Mac/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`

Select the correct framework(s) and drag it into your project.

#### Manual

You can also include it into your project by adding the source files directly, but you should probably be using a dependency manager to keep up to date.

### Importing

Using Objective-C:

```obj-c
// When using iOS 8+ frameworks
@import CocoaAsyncSocket; 

// OR when not using frameworks, targeting iOS 7 or below
#import "GCDAsyncSocket.h" // for TCP
#import "GCDAsyncUdpSocket.h" // for UDP
```

Using Swift:

```swift
import CocoaAsyncSocket
```

## TCP

**GCDAsyncSocket** is a TCP/IP socket networking library built atop Grand Central Dispatch. Here are the key features available:

- Native objective-c, fully self-contained in one class.<br/>
  _No need to muck around with sockets or streams. This class handles everything for you._

- Full delegate support<br/>
  _Errors, connections, read completions, write completions, progress, and disconnections all result in a call to your delegate method._

- Queued non-blocking reads and writes, with optional timeouts.<br/>
  _You tell it what to read or write, and it handles everything for you. Queueing, buffering, and searching for termination sequences within the stream - all handled for you automatically._

- Automatic socket acceptance.<br/>
  _Spin up a server socket, tell it to accept connections, and it will call you with new instances of itself for each connection._

- Support for TCP streams over IPv4 and IPv6.<br/>
  _Automatically connect to IPv4 or IPv6 hosts. Automatically accept incoming connections over both IPv4 and IPv6 with a single instance of this class. No more worrying about multiple sockets._

- Support for TLS / SSL<br/>
  _Secure your socket with ease using just a single method call. Available for both client and server sockets._

- Fully GCD based and Thread-Safe<br/>
  _It runs entirely within its own GCD dispatch_queue, and is completely thread-safe. Further, the delegate methods are all invoked asynchronously onto a dispatch_queue of your choosing. This means parallel operation of your socket code, and your delegate/processing code._

- The Latest Technology & Performance Optimizations<br/>
  _Internally the library takes advantage of technologies such as [kqueue's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kqueue) to limit [system calls](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_call) and optimize buffer allocations. In other words, peak performance._

## UDP

**GCDAsyncUdpSocket** is a UDP/IP socket networking library built atop Grand Central Dispatch. Here are the key features available:

- Native objective-c, fully self-contained in one class.<br/>
  _No need to muck around with low-level sockets. This class handles everything for you._

- Full delegate support.<br/>
  _Errors, send completions, receive completions, and disconnections all result in a call to your delegate method._

- Queued non-blocking send and receive operations, with optional timeouts.<br/>
  _You tell it what to send or receive, and it handles everything for you. Queueing, buffering, waiting and checking errno - all handled for you automatically._

- Support for IPv4 and IPv6.<br/>
  _Automatically send/recv using IPv4 and/or IPv6. No more worrying about multiple sockets._

- Fully GCD based and Thread-Safe<br/>
  _It runs entirely within its own GCD dispatch_queue, and is completely thread-safe. Further, the delegate methods are all invoked asynchronously onto a dispatch_queue of your choosing. This means parallel operation of your socket code, and your delegate/processing code._

***

For those new(ish) to networking, it's recommended you **[read the wiki](https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket/wiki)**.<br/>_Sockets might not work exactly like you think they do..._

**Still got questions?** Try the **[CocoaAsyncSocket Mailing List](http://groups.google.com/group/cocoaasyncsocket)**.
***

Love the project? Wanna buy me a ☕️&nbsp;&nbsp;? (or a 🍺&nbsp;&nbsp;😀&nbsp;):

[![donation-bitcoin](https://bitpay.com/img/donate-sm.png)](https://onename.com/robbiehanson)
[![donation-paypal](https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=2M8C699FQ8AW2)

Commit message:

refresh third package and readme

Pods/CocoaAsyncSocket/README.markdown, after:

# CocoaAsyncSocket
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket) [![Version Status](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/CocoaAsyncSocket) [![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) [![Platform](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/CocoaAsyncSocket.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/?q=CocoaAsyncSocket) [![license Public Domain](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Public%20Domain-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_domain)


CocoaAsyncSocket provides easy-to-use and powerful asynchronous socket libraries for macOS, iOS, and tvOS. The classes are described below.

## Installation

#### CocoaPods

Install using [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org) by adding this line to your Podfile:

````ruby
use_frameworks! # Add this if you are targeting iOS 8+ or using Swift
pod 'CocoaAsyncSocket'  
````

#### Carthage

CocoaAsyncSocket is [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) compatible. To include it add the following line to your `Cartfile`

```bash
github "robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket" "master"
```

The project is currently configured to build for **iOS**, **tvOS** and **Mac**.  After building with carthage the resultant frameworks will be stored in:

* `Carthage/Build/iOS/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`
* `Carthage/Build/tvOS/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`
* `Carthage/Build/Mac/CocoaAsyncSocket.framework`

Select the correct framework(s) and drag it into your project.

#### Swift Package Manager

Simply add the package dependency to your Package.swift and depend on "CocoaAsyncSocket" in the necessary targets:
```swift
dependencies: [
    .package(url: "https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket", from: "7.6.4")
]
```

#### Manual

You can also include it into your project by adding the source files directly, but you should probably be using a dependency manager to keep up to date.

### Importing

Using Objective-C:

```obj-c
// When using Clang Modules:
@import CocoaAsyncSocket; 

// or when not:
#import "GCDAsyncSocket.h" // for TCP
#import "GCDAsyncUdpSocket.h" // for UDP
```

Using Swift:

```swift
import CocoaAsyncSocket
```

## TCP

**GCDAsyncSocket** is a TCP/IP socket networking library built atop Grand Central Dispatch. Here are the key features available:

- Native Objective-C, fully self-contained in one class.<br/>
  _No need to muck around with sockets or streams. This class handles everything for you._

- Full delegate support<br/>
  _Errors, connections, read completions, write completions, progress, and disconnections all result in a call to your delegate method._

- Queued non-blocking reads and writes, with optional timeouts.<br/>
  _You tell it what to read or write, and it handles everything for you. Queueing, buffering, and searching for termination sequences within the stream - all handled for you automatically._

- Automatic socket acceptance.<br/>
  _Spin up a server socket, tell it to accept connections, and it will call you with new instances of itself for each connection._

- Support for TCP streams over IPv4 and IPv6.<br/>
  _Automatically connect to IPv4 or IPv6 hosts. Automatically accept incoming connections over both IPv4 and IPv6 with a single instance of this class. No more worrying about multiple sockets._

- Support for TLS / SSL<br/>
  _Secure your socket with ease using just a single method call. Available for both client and server sockets._

- Fully GCD based and Thread-Safe<br/>
  _It runs entirely within its own GCD dispatch_queue, and is completely thread-safe. Further, the delegate methods are all invoked asynchronously onto a dispatch_queue of your choosing. This means parallel operation of your socket code, and your delegate/processing code._

## UDP

**GCDAsyncUdpSocket** is a UDP/IP socket networking library built atop Grand Central Dispatch. Here are the key features available:

- Native Objective-C, fully self-contained in one class.<br/>
  _No need to muck around with low-level sockets. This class handles everything for you._

- Full delegate support.<br/>
  _Errors, send completions, receive completions, and disconnections all result in a call to your delegate method._

- Queued non-blocking send and receive operations, with optional timeouts.<br/>
  _You tell it what to send or receive, and it handles everything for you. Queueing, buffering, waiting and checking errno - all handled for you automatically._

- Support for IPv4 and IPv6.<br/>
  _Automatically send/recv using IPv4 and/or IPv6. No more worrying about multiple sockets._

- Fully GCD based and Thread-Safe<br/>
  _It runs entirely within its own GCD dispatch_queue, and is completely thread-safe. Further, the delegate methods are all invoked asynchronously onto a dispatch_queue of your choosing. This means parallel operation of your socket code, and your delegate/processing code._

***

For those new(ish) to networking, it's recommended you **[read the wiki](https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket/wiki)**.<br/>_Sockets might not work exactly like you think they do..._

**Still got questions?** Try the **[CocoaAsyncSocket Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/group/cocoaasyncsocket)**.
***

Love the project? Wanna buy me a ☕️&nbsp;&nbsp;? (or a 🍺&nbsp;&nbsp;😀&nbsp;):

[![donation-bitcoin](https://bitpay.com/img/donate-sm.png)](https://onename.com/robbiehanson)
[![donation-paypal](https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=2M8C699FQ8AW2)
